Link to Working Project: http://devboat-beta.herokuapp.com/

### About

DevBoat is a networking platform built specifically for developers. Our goal was to build a platform where developers could interact with each other. Whether it is to learn to code as a beginner or build a project as a veteran developer. 

### Components

The project consists of the following components:

**Users**: Users that join the platform

**Skills**: Skills a user can display on their profile

**Interests**: User’s interests that can be possible skills of other users

**Education**: Their past and/or current education

**Work Experience**: Their past and/or current work experience 

**Connections**: Users’ relations with other users as mentors, mentees or simply friends

**Posts**: A user’s posts on their timeline

**Comments**: Comments on a post

**Notifications**: Alerts/Updates

The frontend client is a React web application. It sends requests to the API for different HTTP methods to retrieve or send data. The React app uses Context Context Context Context and State hooks to store session, provide states. The session stores the User model details like id, name, picture, and a token. The token is generated by JWT authentication in the API and assigned to each user after login.

### Usage
To run the web app locally:
1. Make sure yarn is installed and run yarn yarn or yarn installyarn install yarn install yarn install to install the required dependencies.
2. The React app relies on one config variable which is the API URL or http://devboat-api.herokuapp.com/api/v1 of our Django app. Create .env file and add: 
  ```
  REACT_APP_API_URL=http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/v1
  ```
3. Run `yarn dev` to run the web app in development mode.
4. Serve is being used to deploy production mode. To build production mode, run: `yarn start` to run `serve -s build` to start building.
